Update user-activity-report.md (#6612)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/teams-analytics-and-reports/user-activity-report.md

|**2**   |Each report has a date for when this report was generated. The reports usually reflect a 24 hour latency from time of activity. |
|**3**   |<ul><li>The X axis on the charts is the selected date range for the specific report. </li><li>The Y axis is the number of users participating in the activity.</li></ul>Hover over the dot representing an activity on a given date to see the number of instances of that activity on that given date. |
|**4**   |You can filter what you see on the chart by clicking an item in the legend. For example, click **1:1 calls**, **Channel messages**, or **Chat messages** to see only the info related to each one. Changing the selection doesn’t change the information in the table. |

> |**5**   |The table gives you a breakdown of usage by user.   <ul><li>**Username** is the display name of the user. You can click the display name to go to the user's setting page in the Microsoft Teams admin center.</li><li>**Channel messages** is the number of unique messages that the user posted in a team chat during the specified time period.</li><li>**Reply messages** is the number of unique reply messages that the user posted in a team channel during the specified time period.</li> <li>**Post messages** is the number of unique post messages that the user posted in a team channel during the specified time period.</li><li>**Chat messages** is the number of unique messages that the user posted in a private chat during the specified time period.</li><li>**Urgent messages** is the number of urgent messages that the user posted in a  chat during the specified time period.</li><li>**Total meetings** is the total number of scheduled and ad hoc meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized** is the number of scheduled and ad hoc meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized scheduled** is the number of scheduled meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized adhoc** is the number of ad hoc meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated** is the number of the scheduled and the ad hoc meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated scheduled** is the number of the scheduled meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated adhoc** is the number of ad hoc meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**1:1 calls** is the number of 1:1 calls that the user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Audio time** is the total audio time that the user participated in during the specified time period. (Measured in minutes). </li><li>**Video time** is the total video time that the user participated in during the specified time period. (Measured in minutes). </li><li>**Screen sharing time** is the total screen share time that the user participated in during the specified time period. (Measured in minutes). </li>  <li>**Last activity** is the last date (UTC) that the user participated in a Teams activity.</li><li>**Other activity** tracks when the user is considered active but has a value of zero for chat messages, 1:1 calls, channel messages, total meetings, and meetings organized. Examples actions are when a user opens a channel message post but doesn't reply to it or when a user receives a private message and reads it but doesn't respond to it.</li> </ul>Note that **Group calls** has been replaced by **Meetings organized adhoc** and **Meetings participated adhoc**, in which the sum of these two values is equal to what was measured by **Group calls**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**5**   |The table gives you a breakdown of usage by user.   <ul><li>**Username** is the display name of the user. You can click the display name to go to the user's settings page in the Microsoft Teams admin center.</li><li>**Channel messages** is the number of unique messages that the user posted in a team chat during the specified time period.</li><li>**Reply messages** is the number of unique reply messages that the user posted in a team channel during the specified time period.</li> <li>**Post messages** is the number of unique post messages that the user posted in a team channel during the specified time period.</li><li>**Chat messages** is the number of unique messages that the user posted in a private chat during the specified time period.</li><li>**Urgent messages** is the number of urgent messages that the user posted in a  chat during the specified time period.</li><li>**Total meetings** is the total number of scheduled and ad hoc meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized** is the number of scheduled and ad hoc meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized scheduled** is the number of scheduled meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings organized ad hoc** is the number of ad hoc meetings a user organized during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated** is the number of the scheduled and the ad hoc meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated scheduled** is the number of the scheduled meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Meetings participated ad hoc** is the number of ad hoc meetings a user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**1:1 calls** is the number of 1:1 calls that the user participated in during the specified time period.</li><li>**Audio time** is the total audio time that the user participated in during the specified time period (measured in minutes). </li><li>**Video time** is the total video time that the user participated in during the specified time period (measured in minutes). </li><li>**Screen sharing time** is the total screen share time that the user participated in during the specified time period (measured in minutes). </li>  <li>**Last activity** is the last date (UTC) that the user participated in a Teams activity.</li><li>**Other activity** tracks when the user is considered active but has a value of zero for chat messages, 1:1 calls, channel messages, total meetings, and meetings organized. Examples of actions are when a user opens a channel message post but doesn't reply to it or when a user receives a private message and reads it but doesn't respond to it.</li> </ul>Note that **Group calls** has been replaced by **Meetings organized ad hoc** and **Meetings participated ad hoc**, in which the sum of these two values is equal to what was measured by **Group calls**.
```
